It's a big couch
Someone's got to sit in it get your butt on the big orange couch and snick this Saturday on Nickelodeon
But what he needs most is friends
You can join the world's richest kids on the world's most incredible adventure
Macaulay Culkin, Richie Rich, Grady PG, now playing at a theater near you
Hey you. Huh?
Strap in and ask yourself. Do you have it?
Nickelodeon guts now for your Super Nintendo entertainment system
This is serious realistic sports action just like the show only now you're in total control
Compete against the clock or challenge a friend as you take on seven of guts toughest events including the awesome aggro crag
Pretty good, huh? Best out of three
Nickelodeon guts only on the Super Nintendo entertainment system also from Nickelodeon Rocko's modern life the game
I think you want your Blade Runner skate
He wants to trade
Blade Runner by roller blade
And now that it's loose the RC world will never be the same total twin-body technology
Let's ricochet do punishing pulverizing stunts drive it like you hate it the virtually unstoppable
Ricochet vehicles a battery back each sold separately
Now that the page master is here people of all ages want to recreate the experience
You sir need
He's right at pizza now you can relive the page master with one of four page master games and get lots of pizza and other stuff with
The page master meal deal for 12.99
Watch
Popping the dough make your worms go whatever dice comes up. Mr. John
Go go worms the problem of a geek, please say no
Excellent chance
You're the problem of the geek came my turn. Do I have a secret admirer?
Absolutely
He knows everything ask Zandar
Wave your hand and he speaks guess what he predicts in the winner gets the special fortune-read you will get a phone call about this
Ask Zandar the talking wizard game
Happy Hanukkah from Nickelodeon no other night
No other place
I have to I'm Alex Mac. I was just another average kid until my first day of junior high
One minute, I'm walking home the next there's a crash and I'm drenched in some weird chemical
And since then
Nothing's been the same
And my sister Annie thinks I'm a science project I
Can't let anyone else find out
Not even my parents know the chemical plant wants to find me and turn me into some experiment, but you know something I
Guess I'm not so average anymore
So clearly whoever pulled that fire alarm last week when there was no fire
Committed a very serious offense. That's right miss Hamilton. You know, it's not only stupid and illegal. It's dangerous
Now will be a good time to talk about fire prevention
Please remove those bracelets before waving your hand miss Flanders. This is history class not band practice
Now what is your question? I was just hoping we could see firefighter Pruitt's helmet, of course
Okay fire prevention. Let's talk about outlets extension cords flammable liquids
Peters
waste baskets
axes
extension cords
gasoline
Nitro
Your your a hero is what you are
It was nothing. I think you deserve this more than me miss Mack
miss Mack
Alexandra, I think firefighter Pruitt might like her helmet back
Thank you. I think we've learned a lot about fire safety and the dangers of pulling false alarms from lieutenant Pruitt
Let's all thank her for being here by the way class our first midterm exam will be held next Monday
That's right people
Yes, miss Flanders
What's a midterm?
Well, it's an evil plot to make you learn everything and I mean everything we've covered in class so far
multiple choice and one open book essay question
requiring
genuine thought
Be prepared
Wow
As soon as you get out of elementary school, it gets ugly. Well, I think this whole testing thing is destroying our creativity
I mean multiple choice questions. That's so
retro
Hi, Libby. Hey
Um, I'm really glad you asked what a midterm was. I wasn't quite so sure myself
Actually, I was just kidding Jocelyn Neil wait up for more
What a jerk. I know I sounded like a major idiot
Not you
Libby really wait up for more please guys are just jealous
She's the most popular girl in our class. So what popularity is so
Retro yeah
That's retro
I want to be retro
I know it sometimes seems like I'm not paying attention, but I am I mean I love history
And it's really important to me that I do well really I had no idea
Yeah, the french revolution is so interesting. I think it's one of the most fascinating historical events ever. I agree
I was wondering is there any additional reading that you could suggest that might help me prepare for the midterm?
Of course there is
Here's a list of french revolution related material
All of these books are available in the library. Great. I was just on my way there now
Thanks a lot miss hamilton
See you on monday. Thank you. Libby. Good luck
Mr. Alvarado
Perhaps you should consider putting in the same sort of effort that miss laundry says
Wait up
What's up rodney? That's rainy and you dropped this
Yeah, so don't you need it to do your additional reading?
I got plans tonight reading will definitely interfere with them, but I thought you
Could I make it any clearer to you?
Alex seems pretty worried. Of course. She's worried
She's never had a midterm before I remember my first midterm miss borcal kim 101
I committed the periodic table of the elements to memory by giving it a melody and for my first midterm you taught it to me
Hydrogen helium lithium beryllium boron carbon nitrogen
oxygen
So of course you both aced it
Miss borcal graded on the curve. The other kids of the class never forgave me for getting all the answers right
I know the feeling
Genius can be lonely
Alex is keeping up. Don't you think mom if she doesn't know the material by now. It's probably helpless
Flashcards are excellent learning tools. Maybe I should help her prepare some
No, leave her alone. You two are just going to make her more nervous
1792 the reign of terror madame guillotine
Oh, why do I feel like I'm gonna be sick?
Relax Al. It's just a midterm
If you're like this now, how will you be when we get to dudum final exam?
I'll probably be hospitalized by then
Ready
I hate this
Oh, I hate this. Look at you. Look at what this pressure is doing to us. It's not right
Now this is supposed to be a safe environment a community. We should feel free to risk to to growth to fail
Do you have to use that word?
Look at Libby Flanders
Wouldn't it be cool to be so cool about it all?
I wouldn't be surprised if she's in an extreme case of denial
You sure you don't consider floating the answers she'd off Ms. Hamilton's desk to us
Right now. I do almost anything to get out of taking this thing
Oh, no, I forgot my book for the big essay
And my number two pencils
I'm not cut out for midterms. I'm a wreck. You should have come down
But you only have 20 seconds to get to your locker and back
Not my number two pencils
And you thought you might find them at the alarm box
Right back with more alex max
Meat man intermax
A killer submarine yikes
Now stepping to my torture chamber
No way squid lips. I get other fish to fry
Away, away
I'm here at all for mighty max dues on play sets sold separately
I'm Polly Pocket, but fun for you
My Stampin' School play set has lots to do
Stampers
In your art class, Polly's making design
Big hearts and stars
It's a real good time
Polly Pocket
Stampin' School play set
Eves sold separately
Who knows what evil lurks in a hearse of men
The Shadow knows
Armed with quick draw 45s
The mysterious crime fighter faces the evil shalom con
Now ready for battle
But shadows hit no eyes, cloud men's minds
You will obey
I will obey
But con escapes on his serpent bike
After a shadow
Con fires first
Shadow's second pops a wheelie launching a counter-missile
Eves sold separately
End of the road con
Or is it?
Who knows?
The Shadow knows
Puppy in my pocket
They're as cute as can be
It's Puppy in my pocket
So many different puppies to collect and love
Each puppy has a name and collector card
They look so real
From now I can take them all home with me
Puppy in my pocket comes with five puppies in a pack
Eves sold separately
Have you kept seeing Alex?
Now back to Alex Mack
Is that all you have to say for yourself?
It's not how it looks
See I forgot about the open book essay
So you were ill prepared
I was prepared, I just forgot my book
And you decided to delay the test for everyone else
Until you weren't feeling so forgetful
No, that's not it
I was just at my locker
First, you will complete your own personal fire drill
After we're allowed back in
We'll go to the principal's office
And you can explain the whole thing there
Big study of the only way
Kind of wasn't a bear on my list of priorities
We need to talk
Not now, Alice, I'm kind of busy here
That's Alex
And we really need to talk
Guess you forgot something
Thanks, where'd you find it?
What, you want a reward?
More like a confession
I found it where you didn't mean to leave it
Excuse me?
I was at the wrong place at the wrong time
And now Hamilton thinks I'm the one who pulled the alarm
Oh, well I didn't do anything and you can't prove that I did
Wouldn't you rather confess than have me tell on you?
That was a pretty extreme way of getting out of a test
Alex, how can I expect you to understand?
I choked, plain and simple
I mean our first big test, you know
Yeah
Sometimes I wish I could be more like you
I wish you could be more like me
You're so real
You don't have to worry about being popular and stuff
I really admire your courage
Courage, me?
You're the type of person who stands up for what she believes in
Who fights for the underdog
Anyway, I can never ask you to take the fall for me
Don't ever just ask me too much
You're so good
I deserve what I get
So go ahead and tell me, Alex
I understand
Go ahead
I'll see what I can do
It wasn't me, but I can't tell you who it was
Really can't say
Fifth on that
Take the blame
I will
So from what I hear, Alex Mack would be a love
And Lil' Miss Kitty T-Shoes, could you handle the pressure?
I know, you never expected, you know, the quiet ones
I know, she's gonna be so glad to be able to teach you
Class, due to the reprehensible actions of one of your schoolmates who shall remain nameless
I've decided to postpone your exam till this Friday
Twice is hard
And we will all look forward to
Miss Mack's oral report on fires through history
Extensive library research required
Clasticness
What is Miss Hamilton talking about?
There's no way you pour that thing
No, but if I have to take the blame, I will
What?
Alex
You're the coolest
Oh no, really
Take it, we have to hang out sometime soon
Really?
Absolutely
Libby Flanders
You're covering up for Libby Flanders?
Why should you take the fault for such a snoot?
There were ex-dentuating circumstances or whatever you call them
Libby's actually very nice
If she hadn't any character, she would turn herself in
She was going to, but I wouldn't let her, okay?
It's complicated
You have to trust me in this
We trust you
We just don't trust her
I can't understand
I'm just trying to have a little courage and compassion
Nothing like courage, compassion, and instant popularity
What are you doing here?
We're going to study
Big history midterm coming up
Yeah, I've heard rumors to that effect
Going up
She's already up there with, uh, Lily Flanders
Libby Flanders is up there?
Forget about him
Why do I have to call him?
Because he already knows everyone else's voice
It's ringing
I have to hang up
Oh, come on, come on, don't be a chicken
Um, hi, uh, Greg?
Yeah, this is Greg
Somebody likes you
Alex, we are gonna have a lot of fun together
All right
All these dates swimming through my head
History is way too historical
It's weird
I'm not really nervous this time
I guess my nerves are already maxed out
Hey, you guys know where Alex is?
You would know better than we would
I can't believe Alex will make friends with such a phone
See, Libby's got what they call a cult of personality
Those like Alex who are insuring themselves gravitate to people like her
I'm going to get some water
I'll be right back
Don't worry, it's all set up
Excellent
But it's amazing how you found that you're a really victim
We just have to figure out what to do with all the time we used to spend studying
Alex, we gotta talk to you
Not now, I have to get my stuff
Alex, you gotta listen
How much you want to bet that the alarm goes off during the test?
I don't think anybody's gonna be that obvious
No, how about Libby?
What are you guys talking about?
Listen and listen fast, I just heard them
Libby thinks she's got a sucker now
And you're it with the capital S
She's gonna pull that alarm, trust me, I know these things
No way
Yes, way
I'm neither will anyone else
Sorry, Alex
But you just made it so easy
Whoa
He might want this back
They're right there, Ms. Flanders
It wasn't me, I swear
It isn't polite to swear, Ms. Flanders
It was Alex Matt
I was just trying to stop her
She set me up
She put that bracelet there
And she's hiding right now inside that locker
Go ahead, open the door, you'll see
This doesn't make any sense
No, it doesn't
Ms. Hamilton, I don't know what's going on
Save it for the principal, Ms. Flanders
I've been a teacher too long
Follow me, young lady
You can collect your exams on the way out
It was almost worth the wait
You all did quite well for yourselves
Nice work, Ms. Mack
My trick is studying for the same test three times
And never mind about that oral report
I'll add it to someone else's list
Is Libby okay?
Punishment can lead to growth
I think Libby will be spending a lot of time in the library this year
And maybe you'll think twice before taking the fall for someone, Alex
I think I will
Hate to say we told you so, Alex
But we told you same
All right, so she's a slime boss
Listen, Alex, you may think you're real smart now
But we both know there's something very, very weird about you
I don't know exactly what it is yet
But I'm gonna find out
When I do, I promise you
You're dead
What a delightful girl she is
And what is she talking about, Alex?
I have no idea
He's no brainless
That's a bunch of rubbish
He has plenty of good qualities
Such as, uh, let me think for a minute
Well, for one thing
He has a great sense of direction
And you should see how he helps out with the daily chores
Even though he does get a bit in the way
And at the supermarket, Sponky even picks out his favorite food
Even when I do the wash, it's amazing how fired up he can get
And unlike some naughty doggies, my Sponky was paper-trained
And has truly amazing bladder control
He's also the cleanest, sweetest, smelling dog in our town
Sponky, cue
And another thing, Sponky's a fantastic watchdog
He's as tough and as brave as they come
And he's never once gotten into a scrap of trouble
In fact, he spends most of the day just lying around the house
So listen, it's quite unfair of you to call Sponky brainless
You should be ashamed of saying bad things about the sweetest
And most lovable pal that anyone could ever ask for
My faithful little Sponky
Attention pet lovers, are you plagued by pet hair?
Here's good news, the pure-brand pet mitt
It gently rinsed your pet of irritating, dead, loose hair
How much hair?
Imagine this mess in your favorite chair
The flexible fingertips gently stimulate oil glands
Giving their coat a beautiful sheen
They groom around legs and tails with ease
Lifting out dust, dirt, and dull, dead hair
Just look at what came out of there
Forget scratchy brushes and combs
Pure-bredge gentle massaging action is so soothing
He won't even know he's being groomed
But you'll know by the piles of loose hair attached to purebred
It's even great on furniture
Purebred wipes away your pet hair problems
And is yours for just $14.95
So put an end to pet hair with purebred
Use your credit card and call now toll-free
1-800-777-6-5400 or send check or money order for $14.95
Plus $4.95 shipping to purebred
Box 1100 Deerfield Beach, Florida
Your pet will love you for it
So call 1-800-777-6-5400 now
My name is Pete and I'm a trained killer
For the past seven years, I've worked for this man
Code name Dad
My mission?
To help him rub out one elusive target
Bob, a legendary striped bass
Whose mighty bulk has roamed the depths of Lake Torgerson for years
We're approaching the designated area
Check
I was a fishing machine
Trained for one thing and one thing only
To execute my job with ruthless efficiency
Nothing was allowed to get in the way
Not school, not girls, not even my family
But the one thing I never thought would get in my way
Was me
I wasn't always a fish assassin
It all started on my 8th birthday
When my dad took me to the lake for the first time
And gave me this fishing knife
It has 10 attachments
Including a pizza cutter and a handy blowgun
It also has a personal inscription
That's pig Latin for I can count on you
Those words have always meant a lot to me
As the oldest son, I have to be the responsible one
So while dad counts on me to make sure our lawn is perfectly flat
The younger son gets to launch himself
Into a geosynchronous orbit
But every year up at Lake Torgerson
Dad counts on me in a whole different way
Maybe it was fish murder
But for me and dad it was a mission
It's scientific name is Raka Sax Tillis
But anyone who's ever thrown a line into a lake
Hoping for glory just calls him
Bob
He's named after this guy, Bob
The only fisherman who's ever hooked him
Legend has it that when he lost the fish after a two day fight
He promptly lost his mind
Bob
After years and years of trying to catch Bob
I think maybe dad was starting to lose it too
Tender, just the way the lunkers like it
We'd had our setbacks in the past
But this year my dad was convinced that Bob was going down
And once he did he was going up
On our wall
It's the buddy Beaver show
That's where my friend Teddy the taxidermist comes into the story
It's the uh
And Mr. Wrigley, Pete
Um, sorry to interrupt you
But we're thinking about getting a fish stuffed
How does it work exactly?
Well it's a complicated and very technical process, Mr. Wrigley
So bear with me
First we cut him open
Yank out the guts
Duck him in shellac and nail him to wood
We could use hot glue if you prefer
Gross
Mr. Wrigley
Something tells me you're an action man
Am I right?
Then you might want to consider an action pose for your fish
There's ready for action
Fighting mad and uh
Milt's favorite
Immortality
The cruel irony of it all hit me like a gaffing hook
We were gonna kill Bob
So we could make him look alive
I think I've seen enough
Hold on
What price immortality?
Well it depends
How big's the fish?
Oh uh
Big, uh, Bob must be about 15 years old now
15?
You better hurry up and go catch him Mr. Wrigley
Fresh water fish usually don't live past uh 12
What?
Sorry it's, nature's way
Come on Pete, we gotta kill Bob while he's still alive
Good luck, we'll be waiting for ya
That night I tried to shake off my feelings for Bob
But it was impossible
I guess my killer instinct had wussed out
I wanted to tell my dad how I felt
But I was afraid
I'd never seen him so desperate
Catch Bob
Must catch Bob
Pete, give me the Junebuck spinner and put on some bell grill
So instead, I did what I always did
Let him count on me
That meant the human target routine
Uh, who am I kidding?
I haven't caught Bob in 15 years
Maybe that's the way it's supposed to be dad
We gave it our best shot
Up to Samuel
Don't let go Mr. Wrigley, your son's a real fighter
My son
Dad's head told him that he'd somehow hooked his own son
But his fisherman's instinct told him to just keep reeling
Son, what are you doing?
He's not your son sir, he's a striped bass
Striper's love yellow smell
Pete's helping me with my merit badge on marine biology
You don't say
Your spawn knows everything about fish sir
Everything
Oh, you can't be serious dad
Pete, we need help
I mean this may be our last chance
Son, how would you like to help your old dad with a lifelong dream?
I mean, you want me to make the hit?
Well, that's one way to put it
I was thinking you could do your fish thing and you know and find Bob
And I'll make the hit
What do you say son, Pete?
I'm not Pete
I'm not fish stock
Honey, is everything okay?
I'm starting to wonder about this whole mission
I mean catching Bob is one thing
But what do we have to kill him?
Just so we can yank his guts out and hang him on a wall
Have you talked to your dad about that?
I can't, you know how much this means to him
Hey, maybe you could talk to him
Or you could come on the boat
Pete, my metal plate, remember?
If I ever fell overboard
It'd sink like an anchor
Honey, listen
Between you and me
I don't like the idea of stuffing Bob either
But even if Pete does find that fish
Your dad's not gonna catch him
He hasn't yet, right?
Krebstarr has done it again
Wait till you see what I've got
It was the Bass Buster 2000
Guaranteed to catch any bass or your money back
That's not the best part
Look, a touch of a button
7,000 gigawatt radio signal activates
Electronic pulse attuned to Bob's brain waves
Listen, it lures the fish in and whammo
All Pete has to do is find Bob
And this baby will do the rest
It's genius
Doesn't seem fair
Fair? Pete, this is war
Come on, I want to try a test run in the bathtub
And that's how a noble underwater beast
Came one step closer to being hot glued
To a piece of wood and hung on a wall
You know, a male adult striper likes to hide
In very shallow waters
Amazing, but little known fact
Shallow water? Why didn't I think of that?
No wonder we haven't found Bob
With extinction staring Bob in the face
The only question was could I save him?
So our Bass Busting juggernaut rolled on
Towards Lake Torgerson
And like a bad late night movie
All the characters were assembled
There was the ruthless leader
His devoted sidekick
The assassin who'd gone soft
And the gonzo rookie who played by his own rules
Mmm, dried algae, breakfast of champions
Breaker, breaker, this is Ahab
I'm looking for a smoky report
Come back over
Ten for Ahab
This here's the Randy Bandit
No county monies for miles
So you can put your pedal to the metal
Over and out, good buddy
Big killer
License and registration
Tell me something
What chance to nature's furry little friends
Have against two tons of hurtling steel
You got an answer for that?
Ahab
Mr. Ranger, sir
This is gonna sound silly, but
I have a metal plate in my head
It interferes with radar
That's a new one
Perhaps you'd like to prove it
Well, I guess we'll be on our way
I'm gonna be looking out for you Ahab
And so will all the plants
And rocks and birds and bugs and things
Remember that
You got a license for that tattoo
Read it and weep, fungus lick
When we got to the campsite
It was the same as it ever was
Dad unpacked his hot lather machine
Well, the smell of menthol in the morning
Smells like victory
Mom practiced for her lumberjack equivalency diploma
And I pounded metal into the ground
If anyone needs me
Just skip stone three times
Fish stalker, are you wearing your bubble?
Yes
Hey, hey Pete
Let's get a head start on tomorrow and set up the gear
The time had come for me to talk to my dad
Like a man
Life is good
You got that right
You know, big guy
I just had a funny thought
Lay it on me
Come on, I'm the big guy
Okay
And what's Bob?
The biggest fish ever, right?
Well, any smoke can catch a fish
It's a cliché
So what you do is
You turn it around
You get me?
The old flip-flop
What do you do with the biggest fish ever?
You don't catch it
You'd be famous
Let me get this straight
If I don't catch Bob
I'll be famous
Like middle-lark lemon
Famous
Well, you know, son, I just had a thought too
Lay it on me, big guy
Bob is a fish
And you and I are fishermen
And this is a fishing trip
You with me?
Catching fish is what you do on a fishing trip
Except for your mom
Little Pete
Look
You're my number one
I need to count on you
This talker, talk to me
Did you find big Bob?
I know his home address
Add a boy
There's nothing that can stop us now
Actually, there was something that could stop my dad
His second in command
Me
But if I did, it would be the rankest, most vile act of treason ever
Worse than Benedict Arnold
I hope you appreciate this, Bob
The adventures of Pete and Pete
Will be back after this on Spick
Yes, it does!
You think I don't know drugs or bad news?
Man, I pass dealers on my way to school
See guys in the alley doing crack
I even saw somebody get shot
Already know about drugs
But what I want to know about now is
How do these fly?
Our kids have better things to do than drugs
But they need our help to keep it that way
It's big
It's mega big
And it's only at one place
McDonald's
To save the world
Now you can power up at McDonald's
Because right now when you buy something to eat
You can get a free Power Rangers power coin
13 coins and all
But you might want to hurry
Because you're not the only one who wants Power Rangers
Textural tri-glycerides
Tired of the same old reading material
What's so gross about the national product?
Isn't it time for a magazine that speaks your language?
Now from the only network for kids
Just get a grown-up to call 1-800-832-5100 to order
And you can get inside a gym teacher's brain
Learn the most annoying car songs
Search through the world's messiest bedroom and much more
Can you really teach a spider to fetch?
That's 1-800-832-5100 for six colorful side-splitting issues of Nickelodeon magazine
Each with a comic book inside
It's 997 and only grown-up should call so
So write it down and tell your parents
Don't delay
And get the magazine that's just for kids
Forget it dad
Nick Day
Brought to you by Spunkies Doggy Trees
It's Monday
T-T-T December
And it's Kwanzaa
Today is the first day of the 7-day African-American celebration
It's a day to give of yourself and spend time with your family
Kwanzaa means first fruit in Swahili
And the holiday coincides with the traditional African harvest festival
Tomorrow is Mr. Corey's birthday
Right here, where every day is a Nick Day
Now back to the adventures of Pete and Pete.
The next morning, while mom and Pete made breakfast, I made believe that it was just another normal
day in the woods.
Hello, Wrigley.
Well, hello, Ranger.
Gee, you scared me.
Already to wrap your meaty paws all around the neck of this area's fragile ecosystem?
Well, I'm just going fishing, Ranger.
Call it what you will, Wrigley.
Mind if I see your license?
You do have a fishing license, don't you?
Sure. It's in the glove compartment.
No, it wasn't.
How did I know?
Because the night before I had rubbed it out, just like a good hit man should.
I don't understand it. It should be in there.
Gotta leave the park.
Oh, boy. Talk about rotten luck.
Guess we gotta get packed.
Next time, familiarize yourself with the regulations.
They're here to protect all the blessed beasts and the birds
and those little Wrigley things from mouth breathers like you.
Next time we'll be too late.
Bob will be gone by then.
Bob?
Yeah, I think.
Why didn't you say so?
I've been trying to catch that son of a bat for 15 years.
When it comes to Bob, there's only one rule.
There are no rules.
But what about the future of our fragile ecosystem?
Heck with that, ducky.
We're talking big, bad Bob here.
Is that hot lather I smell?
Great day to be alive, Hey Wrigley.
Yes, you bet.
Unless of course you're Bob.
Bob was out of luck.
I was out of ideas.
And dad was getting suspicious.
Your brother is driving today.
What did I do?
Maybe nothing, but I'm not taking any chances.
He can taste his fear.
Come on, get in the boat. Let's move out.
Good luck, you fishermen.
I'll monitor the radio.
If I hear about any thunderstorms, I'll send up a flare.
Then, as quickly as a fish hitting a June bug's spinner on a Texas rig,
I had an idea.
Hey mom, why don't you come along with us?
I'm sure it would mean a lot to dad if you were here when we finally bag old Bob.
You guys, my metal plate, remember?
I'm a human anchor.
And now, you're a human buoy.
The Bob Hunt had begun.
It was only a matter of time before the fish docker zeroed in
on the coordinates of his legendary target.
Bob.
This is it, family. This is really it.
The great man once said, time to deploy the bass buster.
What's wrong with this thing?
The cartoon man on the box said this thing will start beeping
when a fish gets within 10 feet.
Beep. Are you sure he's down there?
Why isn't this thing beeping?
Don't cry, honey. I mean, we'll catch him. You'll see.
It's not that. The station, it's how much heartbreak.
That's right. It's interfering with the bass buster's radio signals.
Oh, is that why it didn't work?
Well, wait a minute. You planned this whole thing, didn't you?
Kneel and knee.
Dad, I didn't think I counted on you.
Give me the knife. I trusted you.
And what'd you do? Stab me in the back.
Well, you know what happens to backstabbers, don't you?
In case you didn't know, this is what happens to backstabbers.
Not only did I let my dad down, but I had failed a fish.
Dad would forgive me someday, but poor Bob wouldn't get the chance.
Now we're in business. Thanks for helping out, honey.
I can't miss. You know, in a matter of moments,
we're all going to be famous like metal-like women.
That's wonderful.
Say goodbye to your fish friends, Bob.
Because your next home is going to be on my ever-loving rec room wall.
What?!
Pete had promised to find Bob, but now that he had, he found something else.
A feeling that Bob deserved a better fate than ending up hot-glued to a piece of plywood.
Give me that knife, dad!
What? Give me the knife? What have you done? Sauce on me?
Now, give me that knife!
Give it to me, honey. I'll take care of it.
Thanks, Joyce. At least there's one person on this boat I can count on.
Maybe dad couldn't count on me anymore, but there was one fish out there who could.
He must be closing in. Now the brain signal's luring him right to daddy.
That won't work, Bob.
Make me famous, Tora! Tora! Tora!
I saw him on the way over. He told me to say hi.
How'd you get that knife back?
Air mail.
My whole family has turned against me.
We're not against you, Don. We're just for Bob.
Dad was still pretty angry, but he felt better once he found out that
landing a 125-pound teenager was a record at Lake Torgison.
Bob?
P.
It might have been the five quarts of blood rushing to my head,
but I began to think that dad still could count on me.
Not to do what I was told, but something better.
To do what I thought was right.
And maybe it would take dad a while to feel the same way,
but I knew he'd come back for me eventually.
Bob?
Sure.
Bob.
For separate shows, coming together to create something bigger than all of them.
Stay tuned.
On Earth Journeys.
Earth Journeys with Christopher Reeves.
Every night at 8.30 Eastern.
Every night at 8.30. Only on the Travel Channel.
GRC Channel 40.
It's now available in classrooms throughout the country.
Today, scientists are making miraculous discoveries.
Cambridge. It educates, entertains, surprises, reveals,
and takes you where you've never been.
Explore the world around you and beyond.
With the power of documentaries.
One of the many varieties of quality programming
that adds value to your cable subscription.
Only on Greater Rochester Cable Bishop.
Making it what you want it to be.
Christmas.
The time of year when kids learn it's better to give
than to receive.
Yeah, right.
New holiday lights from LA Gear.
Bored.
Okay, somebody get the food.
You got the apple jacks.
Yes!
What are you two doing?
It's called beeswax.
You like that stuff?
We love it.
It's called apple jacks, you know?
Really?
And it doesn't taste like apple.
That isn't why we like it anyway.
Really? Then why?
None of your beeswax.
Yeah!
Count Apple Jacks Hero as part of this complete breakfast.
See what we like!
This is it.
Nickelodeon Directors Lab.
A total production studio.
It's a multi-media video.
Music.
Animation.
Are you practicing your music?
Practicing?
I'm composing.
Did you finish your project?
Award-winning.
Has anybody walked the dog?
Walk, try, dance.
Are you listening?
What are you doing anyway?
Doing?
I'm directing.
What?
You'll see.
Nickelodeon Directors Lab.
A multi-media studio for your PCCD run.
Also available at Ghostly Game.
Are you afraid of the dark?
The Salonians.
We will always thank Timothy
for all of you mentioning you and our friends.
Look if not behind you.
Well, this is it, pal.
Yeah!
A nice hot sauna.
Back so soon, ma'am.
Well, you know, me and the old man upstairs
do have our divine mission.
You're in luck.
Just got a fresh batch in the day.
Domesticated.
Subservient.
Well trained.
All so talented.
But I'm sure they'll find a home.
Actually, I'm here to save the unloved.
What's got in them?
The Salonians.
Peace unto you.
And on the third day,
he walked through the Valley of the Hidden Ranch.
Yay!
Oh, look at them.
Poor pathetic vermin.
Their weak, wretched, insipid,
scaborous, mounted disease.
Aren't they cute?
All right, boys.
Look short in the chair.
An idle mind is the devil's tool, but...
I'll take them.
Receive!
Not too shabby, lady.
Mmm.
Ow.
Now, what to name you little peaches?
I'm Ren Horick, and he's snuck.
I'll call you Abraham, and you'll be Leviticus.
Hey, whatever, lady.
Welcome to your new home, boys.
No more scrounging or begging for us?
This is the good life.
How's it going, pal?
We're your new roomies.
Hey, buddy.
Wake up.
Come on, pal.
Wake up!
Ah! Ah! Ah!
What's wrong with him?
Oh, that's just Ezekiel.
He fell asleep and never woke up.
I had him freeze-tried,
because I love him so much.
Hi, Ezekiel.
He's a piñata, you idiot.
Well, first things first.
Let's get to work.
The devil's worms are at work with Inny.
Delicious.
I must administer the hind-lick maneuver.
Don't you stand there, woman.
We go for a little ride.
I love a ride.
Where we going, anyways?
To see some very important people.
A Miss Spay and a Mr. Nooder.
Haven't we had a big day?
You two angels deserve a little treat.
A nice hot flea bath before bedtime.
I don't know about you, Leviticus,
but I don't know if I can take any more of this good life.
Stimpicus?
Good night, stupid.
Time for bed, angels.
We all know how you little creatures love to sleep in the yard.
Well, it could be worse.
We could be sleeping in a seh.
Seh.
We gotta get out of here.
He ran.
Look at this.
Brick.
Nice work, buddy.
Now step aside.
Go, boy.
We made it.
What do we have here?
A couple of lost pups, huh?
Put on a catwalk.
Lost?
No tags, eh?
Hmm.
Your ID should be tattooed here somewhere.
Let's see.
Anything written in there?
Well, that's queer.
No IDs?
Hmm.
Well, it's off to the pound with ya.
All right.
You win.
Mr. O, how did it happen?
Lead poisoning.
I, Granny, being of stout mind and ankles,
hereby bequeath my earthly goods as follows.
To my faithful butler,
my house and property,
to my chauffeur,
my solid gold linking,
and to my goldfish,
$43 million.
We're next.
What do we get?
And to my loving Abraham and Leviticus.
I will that they join me
in the eternal salvation of the hereafter.
We'll be right back on Snip.
All stories want just one thing
to be good enough for kids in their families.
That's when they get to be Nickelodeon family classics.
Here's a peek at our first.
It's not the same old story.
This is too big for TV.
A margin visiting another time and place
where ghosts rule in a magic space.
It's a Christmas carol.
A real Broadway musical from the composer
of Aladdin and Beauty and the Beast.
Look for more about a Christmas carol
from Nickelodeon family classics
where good stories live.
If you want to get out of this place alive,
you're going to need a compass,
camouflage, clothing, a two-week supply of food and water,
and a high-powered radio,
and some bug repellent.
But you're not getting none of that.
All you're getting is bananas and underwear.
You ever try to get to level 10
in your underwear, boy?
This needs the Jungle Book
for Genesis, Game Gear, Game Boy, NES,
and Super NES systems.
Chips are hot!
Sure you know what to do with those cookies,
but what do you do with the bag?
You can turn it into a really cool X-Men tin
if you send two proofs in $1.99.
See Mark bags of Chips Ahoy and Rich Bits sandwiches
and you can collect four Marvel Comics tins.
Ghost Fairy Winkles
Time to play with Tick and Tock.
You come to live with me.
There in my secret nursery clock.
I believe in fairy winkles.
Jewelry Box, Prim Proper and Biscuit.
Leave the magical, yes I do.
I believe in fairy winkles.
T-Time, don't you?
I do, I do.
Me too, me too.
Fairy Winkles nursery clock and Jewelry Box,
each sold separately.
Back to Ren and Stimpy.
At last I have control of your GDC.
Hammering my eggs just doesn't throw me like it used to.
I've polished the eggs of the crowned heads of Europe.
And yet, I feel unfulfilled.
Oh father, why was I not blessed with an heir?
That's why you come in my bed project.
Oh my beautiful mound of yonk.
I will mold you.
And make you unto my own graven image.
Yes, come my child, I will help you.
So that you will have sight with which to see.
I give you splendid brass eyes.
And to keep your head warm so as not to catch a chill.
I give you a lock of my...
Scam!
And so that you will have wisdom with which to think.
A lock of my...
Graven.
But you are incomplete.
Wait!
Of course.
I forgot.
My assistant, Stimpy, is retrieving the final addition.
Stim-Pultan!
Do you have it, man?
Yes, friend.
Hey, the hose that you wanted, Renwaldo.
Is he not my spit and image?
Ah, I'm living in a dream world.
You can't make a son out of eggs.
Father, I know I may not have always been a good man.
But I have been a short man.
And if you will only deliver unto me a son,
I promise to be kind and good from now on.
Amen.
Good night, Renwaldo.
An egg, stupid!
Dum-dee-dum-dum-dum.
Oh, boy made of eggs.
Oh, well, I can't sit in judgment.
I just do my job.
Ah, here it is.
Now, how'd that go again?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Boy of egg, boy of egg, sis boom-ba.
Motsa-ball, motsa-ball, rah-rah-rah.
Well, I'm out of here.
Now, where'd I leave my head?
Why, what a night.
I dreamt about a chicken in a dress.
Huh?
Verily, just funny.
Son, say something to your old dad.
He's a genius.
A quality boy such as he needs an excellent name.
I shall call thee a gyo-gyo.
First, my boy, you must learn to use a spoon.
I will demonstrate.
Now you try it.
That's it.
This is indeed a proud day.
Okay, son, turn the key.
Now put the car in gear.
That's fine, son.
Keep checking your mirrors.
And don't forget the signal.
Now dig that ride with the egg inside.
Wiggy.
Now that was a strudel in the old noodle.
Crazy.
Big my plan, man.
I'm his, dad.
I smell bacon.
Egg-yo-gyo.
Why?
What are you looking at?
You're not my son.
I was my son.
Egg-yo-gyo.
Check it out, chicks.
Dig my main man.
Egg-yo-gyo.
This cat does anything I tell him to.
Dopey.
Show him, eggy.
Like, walk the skillet, man.
Skillet.
I'll do the frying around here, y'all.
Would you check it out, colonel?
We bring a new cat to work with you.
Very good, boys.
And here's your reward.
And as for you, my little dreary oyster.
I've got special plan for you.
I reckon.
Egg-yo-gyo.
Taxi.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Cremolio presents
Egg-yo-gyo.
The hottest thing since parted meat.
You'll be a rock and roll little edge.
Hey!
Get your hands off my eggs.
I'm coming, son.
Don't worry, son.
I've got you.
Come with me to our rat-infested house
where we can happily live out the rest of our miserable lives
in total abject poverty.
Here we are, son.
Home sweet home.
I kept your room just this evening.
It's you, Bobby.
Good night, son.
What's now?
Daddy's here.
Day has come and I am anew.
Away, away I must fly to crush my child to my bosom.
Wake us down, my son, for the hour is late
and we must begin our glorious fulfilling lives together.
Egg-yo-gyo.
Hey, Stimpy, where's Egg-yo-gyo?
Stimpy, will you listen to me?
Put down that.
Egg-yo-gyo.
Think capping can survive the attack of the hungry mutants?
Only that tasty crunch can help them now.
One more crunch.
Just call me the crunch generator.
Didn't your mom ever tell you to crunch with your mouth closed?
Huh, mutants today.
Quick, send him to warp V.
Talk about warp. This guy's totally bent.
You're crunching this as part of your balanced breakfast.
Mega crunch effect.
Oh, mega store.
Mega bite.
Extra tri-chlyceride.
Tired of the same old reading material.
What's so gross about the national product?
Isn't it time for a magazine that speaks your language?
Now from the only network for kids.
Get a grown-up to call 1-800-832-5100 to order.
And you can get inside a gym teacher's brain.
Learn the most annoying car songs.
Search through the world's messiest bedroom and much more.
Can you really teach a spider to fetch?
That's 1-800-832-5100 for six colorful,
side-splitting issues of Nickelodeon magazine,
each with a comic book inside.
It's $9.97 and only grown-up should call, so...
So write it down and tell your parents.
Don't delay.
And get the magazine that's just for kids.
Forget it, dad.
Nickdays, brought to you by Spunky's Doggy Tree.
It's Monday.
D-D-D-December.
26th.
And it's Kwanzaa.
Today is the first day of the 7-day African-American celebration.
It's a day to give of yourself and spend time with your family.
Kwanzaa means first fruit in Swahili.
And the holiday coincides with the traditional African harvest festival.
Tomorrow is Mr. Corey's birthday.
Right here, where every day is a Nick day.
Tremble.
Cackle.
Quiver.
Freak.
Cringe.
Snick.
Flashlight's still.
It's no good. The logs are wet.
I'm out of my way.
Yeah, right. You're dreaming.
I need paper.
Hey, how about this?
Perfect.
No way!
Chail, it's a comic book.
It's not. It's a graphic novel.
It's Firewood.
Hey, I could use this.
Thanks.
Hey!
You ever wonder where they get the ideas for these things?
And chelou pizzas before bed?
Gives me bad dreams.
What if it's not made up?
What if comic books were something more?
Like what?
Like a guidebook to another dimension.
Whoa!
Comic books take you into a world of fantasy and adventure.
But is it a place that comes from somebody's imagination?
Or somebody's experience?
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story the tale of the ghastly Grinner.
Then Wood was a comic book artist.
Well, actually, he had dreams of being a comic book artist.
Pass.
Objective.
So far, things weren't going so well.
Don't call us. We'll call you.
Turn to sender.
Come to the grand opening of Comic Books Inc.
Fun.
Prizes.
Come early.
Avoid the crowd.
Avoid the crowd?
What are you looking for, Cakes?
Got a big sale on Dustboy.
Dollar a piece.
Four for five.
Fishman.
Reported by day.
Radioactive trout by night.
I've never heard of him.
Yeah, no one has.
Can't give him away.
Um, I got this.
It's you.
I hear you're pretty good.
What?
Well, come on, Cakes. Don't be shy.
Did you bring some of your drawings?
How did you know I draw?
Word travels. Let me see.
Come on, I'm a professional.
I'm not very good.
I've been trashed by every publisher on the planet.
Oh, I don't always listen to what people say, Cakes.
A lot of those zoomers wouldn't know talent from...
Uncus.
Pardon?
You're a little rough around the edges, Cakes.
But you draw like one of the greats.
Sylvester Uncus.
Who?
Ever hear of the ghastly grinner?
Uh, no.
A villain.
So hideous.
His mere laugh
could reduce his victims
to giggling idiots.
Issue one.
Volume one.
Drawn by Sylvester Uncus.
He was a genius,
but didn't have the guts for the grinner.
It was so frightening.
He only drew one issue,
and then he disappeared.
This, and it's all yours.
I can't afford this.
Brand-opening special.
It's on the house.
You're kidding.
Thanks.
Don't thank me, Cakes.
Thank Sylvester Uncus.
Wherever he is.
Microwaves.
Who can tell me how they work?
Of course you know, Miss Peccalaro.
Let's give someone else a try, shall we?
Now, surely those sugar-glazed brains
are unable to generate a zombie or two.
How about you, Mr. Wood?
Priorities, Mr. Wood.
We have only so much room in our minds.
We mustn't seek to fill it with tripe.
Cakes. It's one of a kind.
Correction. It's none of a kind.
Microwaves work by exciting the molecules
of the target object,
stimulating them to a higher state.
Got a call from school today, Ethan.
You said you were causing trouble in class again.
Well, Mr. Wrightson hates me.
He doesn't hate you.
He just doesn't want to see you wasting your time on comic books.
This is the end, son.
We'll get one more call like that
and no comic books for you until you finish college.
What? It's for your own good, honey.
Those silly comic books are an addiction.
Message, Mom.
It's a girl.
I'll take it downstairs.
Hello?
It's Hooper Peccalaro.
Who?
Hooper Peccalaro.
I sit across from you in Mr. Wrightson's science class.
You know, glasses, sweater, braces.
I guess I'm a nerd.
Oh, right. I mean, you're not a nerd.
That's okay.
I think a person should know what they are and work with it.
Well, do you want one?
Did you want something?
I just want to say that what Mr. Wrightson did to you
in class today was really creepy, you know?
Dad!
Well, that's nice of you to say.
I mean it. I think you're a really great artist.
And your house just exploded.
Dad?
Mom?
Mom, Dad?
I'm right here, honey.
Are you all right?
Of course.
Fine.
The kitchen just blew up.
The door to get rid of this.
Oops.
Too late.
Stay in your seat if you dare.
There's more you're afraid of the dark after this.
The preceding has nothing to do with anything except Nickelodeon, the first and only network for kids.
In level one, the hyenas laughed at me.
In level ten, they stopped laughing.
The Lion King, the persegagenesis and super NES systems, the game and system sold separately.
My big brother, Bernie. He knows practically everything.
Yes, but does he know why kids love Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
Is it animal, vegetable, or mineral?
Why's that, bro?
Any kid could see the intense taste of cinnamon and sugar swirl all over every bite.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch, part of the sound of practice.
Brilliant.
He's a fast learner.
Hey, Mickey Mania video game stickers free.
One set in each, specially marked box of Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
This is it. Nickelodeon Directors Lab, a total production studio.
Smoked by media videos, music, animation.
Are you practicing your music?
Practicing? I'm composing.
Did you finish your project?
Award-winning.
Has anybody walked the dog?
Walk? Try dead.
Are you listening? What are you doing anyway?
Doing? I'm directing.
What?
You'll see.
Nickelodeon Directors Lab, a multimedia studio for your PC, CD-ROM.
Also available to Ghostly Game, are you afraid of the dark?
Watch out. It's coming back.
We now return to Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Ain't any good jokes lately, Ethan?
What?
It's only me.
Robert Biccalaero?
I sit across from you, Mr. 18 science class.
Get down! What are you doing here?
I heard the explosion over the phone.
What's going on?
I don't know how, but I think I just brought this guy to life.
Gasly grinder?
Grinner. He feeds off people's emotions and drains them
till they're nothing but laughing idiots.
I think he got my parents.
We should tell somebody.
My parents.
Betty!
Alright, come on in and meet Uncle Bob.
I don't have much of a sense of humor, Ethan.
Yeah?
Well, I don't have an Uncle Bob.
To the comic book shop, maybe that lady knows how to stop the Grinner.
Okay, but I'll have to be on my six.
There's got to be a clue in here somewhere.
Something that tells us how to send the Grinner back.
Oh my gosh, your parents.
My parents.
Not if you believe in the Uncansian theory.
Sylvester Uncus always said
he wasn't just drawing comics.
He was creating guidebooks to other worlds.
Real worlds.
He seems like a nutcase.
That's what everyone thought
until he drew the Gasly Grinner.
Uncus stumbled on something far too evil to be toyed with
and he wanted to put a stop to it before it was too late.
This was to be the final issue.
The death of the Gasly Grinner.
It's not done!
Before he could finish, the Grinner got him.
He hasn't been seen since.
And now, you've brought the Grinner into this world
where he can have all the fresh victims he could possibly want.
All this!
Sylvester Uncus was my father.
That's why I sent you the invitation cakes.
That's why I gave you the comic,
want you to finish his work and bring my father back.
I'm not microwave.
What?
That's how you brought him through in the first place, right?
And that's how Uncus wanted it to end.
Yeah, right.
Where am I gonna find a microwave oven that big?
Not an oven.
Mr. Wrightson has...
No, the only way to stop the...
It's only me.
Poober Picallero?
I sit across from you.
Yeah, I know you sit across from me
in Mr. Wrightson's science class.
So, I think this will work.
As long as a paraboloid
sustained the initial microwave intensity
and the focal region is sufficiently agitated.
Yeah.
Listen, Poober.
It might get dangerous.
You don't have to stay.
What about you?
I started this thing.
I gotta finish it.
Then I'm staying too.
I hope there's an explanation for this.
Um, not one that you'd buy.
This is no laughing matter, you guy!
The microwaves!
It's a good laugh.
What are we doing back here?
What?
Oh.
Sorry.
Why are we here?
Because his daughter tried to tell us how to beat the Grinner.
We just didn't get it.
I hope this is better than your microwave idea.
Micwaves are the answer.
We just weren't using them, right?
There's only one way to beat him.
You've got to finish the drawings.
That's what you wanted you to do.
I mean, I can't do that.
Why not?
I'm not good enough.
Yes, you are.
I believe in you, Ethan.
She believed in you.
But if you don't believe in yourself,
we're doomed.
How much longer?
I'm almost finished.
It sure is quiet out there.
I wonder where he is.
Can I just stop me?
Let's just say that his subscription was cancelled.
What's the matter, kid?
You don't like to laugh?
Sorry.
I don't have much of a sense of humor.
Hey, Smiley.
Huh?
Who's laughing now?
Back here.
How do I get out of here?
I thought you knew.
Well, Woofer, you're laughing.
I... I guess I'm glad you're not dead.
So am I.
Ah.
Ethan.
Hooper.
I want you to meet my father,
Sylvester Uncast.
I knew you could do it, Ethan.
I believe these belong to you.
We always encouraged Ethan's talent.
Didn't we, dear?
Oh, we knew from the very beginning
that he was going to be a star.
Yeah, we did.
Sylvester Uncast never drew a comic again.
He had enough excitement for one lifetime.
As for Ethan, well,
you might say he finally made it into the comics.
You next issue.
That was really, uh...
Ghastly.
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
Nick is over.
He'll be back in just 166 hours on counting.
Oh, raps.
Now, class, he is full.
Pizza, pizza.
Pizza, pizza, po-pea-tip-po-pea-tip
Banana, banana, pineapple, pizza, me-mite
Pizza, pizza, me-mite
Pizza, pizza, po-pea-tip-po-pea-tip
Banana, banana, po-pea-tip-po-pea-tip
Me-mite, po-pea-tip-po-pea-tip
Little Caesar, drink it down, yeah?
Nothing can beat him, so come on, let's eat him.
Pizza, pizza, po-pea-tip-po-pea-tip
Now you can get a free toy.
Surprise, prize it. Little Caesar.
Free toy and little Caesar.
Come on, everybody.
Major Blood. Let's go for it.
Action to the core.
Battlecore.
Battlecore, Major.
Eat so separately.
Come for the joke.
Ice cold neon.
Light no cold.
Nickelodeon.
Flexible fingertips gently stimulate oil glands,
giving their coat a beautiful sheen.
They groom around legs and tails with ease,
lifting out dust, dirt and dull, dead hair.
Just look at what came out of there.
Forget scratchy brushes and combs.
Purebred's gentle massaging action is so soothing,
he won't even know he's being groomed.
But you'll know by the piles of loose hair
attached to purebred.
It's even great on furniture.
Purebred wipes away your pet hair problems
and is yours for $14.95.
Head in to pet hair with Purebred.
Use your credit card and call now toll-free
1-800-847-7300
or send checker money order for $14.95
plus 4.95 shipping to Purebred.
Box 1100, Deerfield Beach, Florida.
Your pet will love you for it,
so call 1-800-847-7300 now.